Challenge context
The data for this challenge have been generated by a real-world trial, whereby a suite of aids to understanding energy consumption was proposed to domestic electricity customers via an internet site. Energy usage by the sample of around 85000 households thus constituted was measured both before and after they gained access to this suite of aids. 

Challenge goals
The object of this challenge is to predict which of these clients actually reduced their consumption. Enhancing the accuracy of predictions allows for better targeting of clients, for a better fit between the advice given and the characteristics of the household, and ultimately for energy economies and improved customer satisfaction.

Data description
The data contains three types of information:
- Variables prefixed 'C' describing the client, the contract and the residence
- Variables prefixed 'S' detailing the client's use of the proposed aids: site visits, page views etc.
- Variables prefixed 'Q' containing the client's responses to questions concerning their electrical equipment, usage patterns, occupancy periods etc.
- and a binary variable : the target, indicating whether or not the client has made actual economies

In order to respect client confidentiality the data have been anonymised (each household is represented by an arbitrary unique identifier) and, for the most part, the exact meaning of the data has been masked. The data remains, nonetheless, real data with all of the quirks a data scientist expects to encounter regularly: diverse and varied data types (numerical, categorical, dates, Booleans), missing values, etc. It is down to the challenger to carry out any necessary data wrangling.

The first line of the source file (training_inputs.csv) is the header, columns are separated by semi-colons (;). A point (.) is used as decimal separator. 

The first three columns contain, respectively:
- ID: the client's unique identification number (one line = one client), it corresponds to the ID of the forecast in the target file
- COD_INSEE: the code of the municipality where the client lives, allocated by the French National Statistical Institute
- COD_IRIS: the code of the IRIS where the client lives (http://www.insee.fr/en/methodes/default.asp?page=definitions/iris.htm)

The training target file contains a binary target variable for each ID:
O = the ID has not made economies
1 = the ID has made economies
The first line of this file is the header, columns are separated by semi-colons (;).
The constituent columns are, respectively, the line's identification number (ID) and real target value (TARGET), as in the following example:

ID;TARGET
1;0
2;0
3;1
4;0
5;1
...

